tidb-lightning: fix strategy number (#14998)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode-usage.md

Conflicting data refers to two or more records with the same PK/UK column data. When the data source contains conflicting data, the actual number of rows in the table is different from the total number of rows returned by the query using unique index.

> TiDB Lightning offers two strategies for detecting conflicting data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB Lightning offers the following strategies for detecting conflicting data:
```
